ah good month eh right I haven't charged
my laptop in days couldn't care less I
didn't charge mine for an entire week
have not had a single problem me neither
but there has been one thing stressing
me
out I just want to get my work
done I was worried we might not have
enough content to talk about but now
that's solved too sponsor Segways
Ridge they're doing a massive sweep
Stakes now until September 13th with
prizes like a Hennessy Velociraptor not
the dinosaur a goldplated cyber truck or
$100,000 in cash enter for free and get
one entry per dollar spent using the
link in the
description the first sign that this ch
all was going to be a little different
than the previous ones was the number of
people who wanted to participate Arc GPU
challenge anyone want to use Intel Arc
for a
month come on Snapdragon challenge
anyone want to use one of these for a
month oh my
God and it's easy to see why people want
it in my entire mindset has changed to
the point where I used to see a sliver
of battery and I would drop everything
that I was doing and dash to the outlet
whereas
now I think hm interesting I guess I'll
finish up a few things and then maybe
I'll plug in at some point right on one
of my first days okay I got a
notification that I was at 10% battery
and it was in critical mode I then
proceeded to finish up a team's voice
call including screen sharing on that
call I made some edits to a script I
then wrote a couple of emails did some
notes checked my battery life and hm
casual ual 6% no problem however it's
worth noting that in the last month I've
used my laptop the way that I use my
laptop which is to say I've installed
basically nothing on it we don't even
use word in the writing Department
anymore so almost everything I do is in
a browser or a browser based program
I've used it for video conferencing
Discord OBS screen cap okay that's not
in a browser but all of those things
worked perfectly now
I have had some slightly weird stuff
happen with bong Jour always um but it
hasn't really bothered me enough to go
back to worrying about my battery life
yeah for me the experience has been even
better than I expected in a month I have
charge my laptop a total of five times
and if you look at the dates there is an
entire week where I did not plug it in
once obviously during that week I was
not using it a ton typically two 3 hours
a day day something like that but with
every other laptop that I've ever used
Windows Apple you just cannot do that
that's actually really good point
because lots of Windows laptops are
rated for eight plus hours of battery
life yeah that's not the issue the issue
is when I go to use it the next day on
any other laptop 20% battery end of the
day you have to plug it in on this it's
like okay 20% I'll use it for 4 hours
tomorrow great the heaviest program I
use regularly is solid works and for
occasional use like what I do on the Go
performance is
usable for me it is fine because any
large assemblies I need to tackle I just
do on my desktop and I only run solid
works on my laptop to make small
adjustments to Parts in the shop but it
is emulated and the raw performance is
very similar to my old laptop which has
a low powerered 2p cor CPU that was slow
when it was released 2 years ago right
what I was afraid would be a deal
breaker for me was car audio but it's
actually just totally fine our
calibrated measurement microphones just
worked allowing me to get these
measurements right here for MX5 review
watch it on short circuit and then came
the much bigger challenge doing a new
tune on my car no way this involved
Niche DSP drivers a bunch of random
Windows run times and direct lives
licensing server all to cooperate which
is not even a guarantee on regular x86
Windows machine maches but it just did
it and now I have a 2C tune of my car it
sounds absolutely fantastic so
unfortunately uh my work can't be really
done on the pen and paper what are you
saying about what I do is also work well
my work is you know more video editing
and uh I can't really Video Edit on like
you know a pen and
paper and as a recent graduate uh I
decided to take a perspective of a
university student because I feel like
University students are the people who
really buy these laptops so I just like
oh it'd be a cool way to determine if
this is actually good for you know
people school yeah exactly yeah cuz
you're not going to have another
computer exactly yeah the first and
simplest thing I try to do was watch
YouTube videos but instead I got audio
render issues saying I need to reset my
computer fortunately I had this great
LTT laptop bag LTT store.com man this
thing is freaking awesome it's got all
the room opens up so big
oh yeah baby stores everything sorry
sorry sorry what were you saying well
fortunately the computer was one step
ahead of me there because for the first
couple of days I had a load of crashes
that restarted the computer for me next
I want to edit some flow plan exclusives
which I thought be fine because qualcom
did say that they're going to support
Adobe crater Suites which turns out it
was only Photoshop and graphic design
stuff no Premiere great no I thought
Premiere works when I first got it the
my first thing was to try installing it
and it was wasn't there I was like
what's up with that it just
works fortunately after a week of daily
driving it it was there but there was a
catch After Effects still missing so I
couldn't do any of the fun Graphics
Premiere was emulated andoss it just
sucked honestly using premiere on this
thing was not a good experience there is
one more thing to say it's in the script
he's doing his best but only the 2023
version is supported like 2024 is three
qus over and they're only supporting
2023 I had to convert most of my
projects to the 2023 versions just so I
can start editing I tried editing three
videos the first one was fine until I
started adding screen caps to it which
then it pooped itself the second one was
a YouTube sh at 1080p which was mostly
fine but I ended up switching to a real
computer for animations at the end and
the third one was a 4K multicam sequence
and oh
yeah it died I think it loaded it in and
then it just didn't work there's not a
chance
honestly I think the most telling part
of all of that is the way that you
referred to a normal x86 computer as a
real computer so in a month you didn't
manage to completely edit a single video
on it even though Premiere is supported
yeah like the worst part is parsik
didn't work that great either so I
didn't really get to remote into my
desktop and edit it so I was like this I
determined that the speed I was going to
go at parcing in versus editing on my
computer wasn't going to justify it so I
ended up just moving back to my computer
yeah I didn't try to use Parc and that's
the thing right is when an application
doesn't work you're basically stuck if
this is your only computer there's
there's no backup plan the emulation all
runs automatically so it's not like you
can install an emulator and maybe it'll
work now it just doesn't work I actually
had my first near showstopper just
yesterday talk about a buzzer beater I
was using channelizer for the how much
Wi-Fi is too much video and I started
getting random crashes at first I
thought okay it's probably a license
issue since I haven't checked in with
metageek for 2 years and then I realized
oh hold on a second it's always crashing
after a little while when I go inside
the chamber maybe it needs an always on
connection but obviously I wouldn't have
any Wi-Fi in an RF isolation chamber
then it turned out that the emulation
was bad oh wow yeah so nothing to do
with the license and I had another
bizarre issue yesterday too I got a
notification that I was running out of
battery which was fine I hadn't charged
it in like 6 days or something like that
but when the speaker went off I didn't
think about this until you mentioned
your audio rendering issues but it
started
like like buzzing at me really weird
which makes me wonder if maybe it's
something to do with the platform you
guys haven't actually seen this yet but
I'm going to show you this is super
weird
oh what what the it's like a spaceship
it just didn't
stop overall I've been happy with the
machine though especially the keyboard
and like I said to you I never use my
laptop outside so the screen total
non-issue but I noticed right at the end
that HP cheaped out on the Wi-Fi I only
got Wi-Fi 6E instead of Wi-Fi 7 well my
Surface laptop 7 does have Wi-Fi 7 but I
would much rather have your 6E chip in
there if that meant my experience was
good in areas where my Wi-Fi strength
wasn't great like you just know that
spot in your house it just wouldn't work
sometimes I would load in YouTube video
and then halfway through it would just
disconnect from Wi-Fi and it was super
annoying both of you guys had good Wi-Fi
right yeah yeah mine was mine was
perfect actually it was really good yeah
I used that thing for a week making the
review I also didn't have an issue so
that was great I think it's Microsoft
and their antenna design wait I wonder
if HP knows something I don't know and
use the 60 for a reason wh which one's
yours Wi-Fi 7 must just be the antenna
design then yeah could also just be a
bunk unit
but another area that's been pretty good
for me is gaming now in our live stream
half of the games we tested didn't work
but real world use is a little little
bit different than just having you guys
send games to us and US running whatever
you ask like for me from the time that I
spent with the steam deck my mentality
shifted a little bit from I want to game
I want to play this game and nothing
else is acceptable to I'm in the mood to
game I'm willing to find something that
works with the device that's in front of
me so obviously it's not the best but I
actually kind of found that I was okay
with it yeah if you treat like a second
computer I think it's okay but I tried
playing a lot the games that are popular
with the youth like
me okay 27 uh like League of Legends
valerant fortnite and Minecraft the
first three didn't work like it just it
would not boot I could download it
but uh and Minecraft was just too laggy
so getting one of these laptops for
school means you probably aren't playing
games with your friends don't do that
parents I'm kind of split on this one
the three games that I play the most
just straight up do not work on this
laptop but also they straight up do not
work on the last laptop that I used
either so right you used to thin and
light with old onboard Graphics anyway
so I'm pretty flexible like I'm going on
a long flight tomorrow I installed
animal well on this it works great I do
not care if I don't get to do 3D games
on this and at the same time 120 HZ
display this thing is awesome to game on
I just I just want to highlight how good
this screen is Sami screen as well
fantastic 3x2 Quad HD 12 HZ bright
enough to use outdoors and the most
incredible thing is that this display
did not even stand out in our last video
typically the two biggest power draws on
a laptop are the CPU and the display and
previously I was willing to live with a
mediocre display because the OLED scream
option was just not worth it for battery
life but when the CPU is this efficient
you can just give up 4 hours of battery
life and it will be totally fine it
really is the closest thing that we have
to the MacBook experience and while game
compatibility sucks compared to normal
windows it's still a lot better than
mac dang sick burn one final thing about
the surface is that the webcam is
fantastic in the very first video call
that I had on it I got compliments of
just how great it looks yeah I also got
compliments on it mic was good and
webcam was good now here's something I'd
like to compliment you guys you've
lasted a long time here at lius Media
Group being on Microsoft and Samsung's
payroll respectively you guys what okay
no you know what they are right they're
right the webcam is actually a standout
feature however I want to change the
topic a little bit this is 2024 we got
to talk about
AI we love AI does it make me a boomer
that I completely forgot about the
co-pilot button except for the one time
I pressed it by accident wa really I'm
actually a big fan of co-pilot and just
like chat ch BT like llms in general and
I like how accessible it was to you know
just one click button I can just look it
up it's way more convenient than open my
browser typing in chat GPT you kids know
about bookmarks right do you know about
doing up more than half of the buttons
on your shirt it's it's it's a style
it's
a uh he knows style I know
style and my Footwear is cringe my
Footwear
is Yo okay well you guys vote vote in
the comments leave a like for mine and
leave a comment for Samy's subscribe to
Flo plane if you just want
Runners and I do use chat GPD sometimes
just to help with polishing my wordings
and and just general research because
ghou sucks we have a whole video about
that I used co-pilot a couple times when
I accidentally tried to lock my laptop
went like
that I just want to mentioned before
people think I completely hate this
laptop I think the like the physical
appearance of the laptop was great great
like you said the keyboard's great you
know the webcam is great the mic's great
it's extremely light i l the Samsung
laptop with my personal heavy laptop and
it was so light and thin I didn't notice
a weight difference in my backpack nor
did I feel like I had any space issues
the fan also I don't know if you guys
have any comments about it but mine was
so quiet I totally forgot to comment
about it because I didn't notice it once
it's just that like quiet and I feel
like you know if you're in like a
lecture I feel like you always you
always hear one two people that have
like the whole time right like their
their alien wear and that's especially
true if they're trying to actually like
record anything like especially with
video like man I don't know what it is
every Windows laptop I've ever owned all
I got to do is get on a teams
call it sounds like it's trying to take
off from the desk I mean I don't blame
it those calls are boring anyway what
are we feeling overall guys I've had a
great time with mine only running into a
major issue at day 29 out of 30 that's
pretty darn good I love it I don't think
I'm going back to x86 I'm not sure that
I will for now I don't feel like this
can be your primary computer maybe not
even your own laptop but personally I
would highly recommend this as a
secondary computer or tertiary by that
point since you've got a desktop and a
laptop already and this is just your
Mobility focused computer but that's
fair enough depending on what you're
doing now one thing to remember is that
AMD just released a lineup of CPU that
is much more competitive battery
LifeWise but they aren't competitive
pricewise these come in at a lower cost
than AMD and presumably Intel's upcoming
latest gen mobile CPUs meaning that you
can't really compare them directly like
maybe by going Qualcomm you give up some
program compatibility but you get more
RAM or you get a better screen which
could make things even more compelling
if you can actually work on it though
well yeah that that is a major issue and
I think we're in agreement then Qualcomm
Snapdragon X laptops excellent if
everything you do is in a browser or if
you already have another computer for
the work that you need to do on another
computer hopefully someday it'll be for
everyone like this segue to our
sponsor manscaped you know the sphere in
Las Vegas now your head can look like
that too okay maybe not with all the
images and RGB but with bandscapes new
dome shaver Pro and Dome Soother
aftershave lotion your Noggin can be
smoother than that analogy the Dome
shaver pro has five premium rotary
blades is powered by a 9,500 RPM Motor
for consistent and efficient shaving
plus its magnetic head makes cleaning
and replacing the blades easy speaking
of easy the USBC charging port means
it's compatible with a cable you
probably already have laying around or
one you might take with you when
traveling which is Perfect Since the
Dome shaver Pro is also Compact and
portable now if you go to actually see
the sphere you can make sure your head
is freshly hairfree and take that
comparison selfie of your dreams and
don't forget to apply some of the Dome
Suther lotion after its dermatologists
tested and formulated specifically for
use on your scalps hydrating it and
leaving a fresh foresty scent so check
them out and get 20% off and free
international shipping at manscape.com
lt20 I hope you guys enjoyed this video
maybe you'll enjoy the last time we did
one of these challenges the Radeon GPU
challenge everyone says oh yeah amds a
great value but so few people actually
buy them are they so bad I'm still daily
driving mine I haven't oh spoiler holy
moly